Fixing ref signal example and improvements to the accuracy/clarity of the page content (#538)
solidjs/solid-docs-next: src/routes/concepts/refs.mdx

## Accessing DOM elements

> One way of accessing DOM elements is through [element selectors](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_object_model/Locating_DOM_elements_using_selectors) 
> such as [`document.querySelector`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/querySelector) or 
> [`document.getElementById`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/getElementById).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One way of accessing DOM elements is through [element selectors](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_object_model/Locating_DOM_elements_using_selectors) such as [`document.querySelector`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/querySelector) or [`document.getElementById`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/getElementById).
```

Author: @LadyBluenotes is there a reason you want to keep it as one long line? I'm pretty sure it renders the same and makes the markup file easier to read since you don't have to scroll horizontally as much

Reviewer: It's in our writing guide that each sentence get it's own line. Hence, keeping the conventions consistent across the board.

https://github.com/solidjs/solid-docs-next/blob/main/WRITING.md#organization

## JSX as a value

> You can also use JSX as a value and assign it to a variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSX can be used as a value and assigned to a variable when looking to directly access DOM elements.
```

```tsx
function Component() {
	const myElement = <p>My Element</p>

	return <div>{myElement}</div>
}
```

> This allows you to create and access DOM elements similar to using [`document.createElement`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/createElement) 
> without having to wait until it is attached to the DOM. It can be used multiple times without having to worry about duplicate selectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This lets you create and access DOM elements similar to [`document.createElement`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/createElement) but without having to wait until it is attached to the DOM. 
It can be used multiple times without having to worry about duplicate selectors.
```

> The downside to this approach is it separates the element and any child elements from the rest of the 
> JSX structure, and it can make the code harder to read and understand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The downside to this approach is it separates the element and any child elements from the rest of the JSX structure.
This makes reading through the components more difficult to read and understand. 
```

Author: @LadyBluenotes this change introduces a redundant use of "reading" and "read" which doesn't sound quite right.

Maybe this instead?

```suggestion
The downside to this approach is it separates the element and any child elements from the rest of the 
JSX structure. 
This makes the component's JSX structure more difficult to read and understand.
```

Reviewer: Yes that works.

## Refs in Solid

> Solid provides a ref system to access DOM elements directly inside the JSX template,
> which allows you to keep the structure of elements intact.
> 
> To use [`ref`](/reference/jsx-attributes/ref), you declare a variable and use it as the `ref` attribute:
> 
> ```tsx
> function Component() {
> 	let myElement;
> 
> 	return (
> 		<div>
> 			<p ref={myElement}>My Element</p>
> 		</div>
> 	)
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Solid provides a ref system to access DOM elements directly inside the JSX template, which keeps the structure of the elements intact.

To use [`ref`](/reference/jsx-attributes/ref), you declare a variable and use it as the `ref` attribute:

```tsx
function Component() {
	let myElement;

	return (
		<div>
			<p ref={myElement}>My Element</p>
		</div>
	)
}
```
```

> These assignments occur at _creation time_ prior to the element being added to the DOM. If you need
> access to the element before it is added to the DOM, you can use the callback form of `ref`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These assignments occur at _creation time_ prior to the element being added to the DOM.
If you access to an element is needed before it is added to the DOM, you can use the callback form of `ref`:
```

Author: Removed "you" to fix the rewording

```suggestion
These assignments occur at _creation time_ prior to the element being added to the DOM.
If access to an element is needed before it is added to the DOM, you can use the callback form of `ref`:
```

When the component initializes, the paragraph element does not exist, so the `element` variable is not assigned.
Once the `show` signal is set to `true`, the paragraph element is rendered, and the `element` variable is assigned to the paragraph element.

> You can see a detailed view of the ref update lifecycle in this 
> [Solid playground example](https://playground.solidjs.com/anonymous/22a1abfa-a0f5-44a6-bbe6-40387cf63b95).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see a detailed view of the ref update lifecycle in this [Solid playground example (https://playground.solidjs.com/anonymous/22a1abfa-a0f5-44a6-bbe6-40387cf63b95).
```
